# CSC300XTermProject
Welcome to Lawn Supply!

We have a functioning google authenticator that is required to access any function within our website and an admin page located at the footer of each page that is secured by a password (Password is "pass"). You may sign-in and log out as you please but you will need to log in again to access our functionality. The search bar will search for any product based off of the term a user inputs and if we don't have the term you're looking for, the page displays an error message. We have a functioning products page as well that connects to the database and can be updated at anytime by the admin through their page. If you click on a product it will display their description, price, and an add to cart button that adds the item to the cart once clicked. Also, our three product categories are located in the home page and if you select one, it will filter our products and display the relevant category of products you have selected.

***Admin only***
Once in the inventory page, accessible after having signed in and providing the correct password once you've clicked on the admin link at the bottom of the footer, all products are shown in a list with relevant info. Click on the product ID to be directed to the a page with the specific item's details that you can edit or delete by following the form within the page. On the navitation there is a feature for uploading products in bulk. The page shows a sample of a JSON file that you can upload that may contain multiple items with information in a proper format. Once a JSON file is selected, it can be uploaded and the products will be added to the database and can be found in the inventory as well as the regular pages. 
